feat: new pin-code component (#1585)
uber-web/baseui: documentation-site/pages/components/pin-code.mdx

import API from '../../components/api';
import Layout from '../../components/layout';
import Overrides from '../../components/overrides';

import PinCodeBasic from 'examples/pin-code/basic.js';
import PinCodeLength from 'examples/pin-code/length.js';
import PinCodeIdAndName from 'examples/pin-code/id-and-name.js';
import PinCodeStates from 'examples/pin-code/states.js';
import PinCodeSizes from 'examples/pin-code/size.js';
import PinCodePlaceholder from 'examples/pin-code/placeholder.js';
import PinCodeNoTab from 'examples/pin-code/no-tab.js';

import * as PinCodeExports from 'baseui/pin-code/index.js';
import {StatefulPinCode} from 'baseui/pin-code/index.js';

export default Layout;

# Pin Code

The `PinCode` component is optimized for entering sequences of digits.
The most common application is for entering single use security codes.
It is optimized for entering digits quickly.

<Example title="Basic Usage" path="examples/pin-code/basic.js">
  <PinCodeBasic />
</Example>

Each input collects one digit at a time.
When a digit is entered, focus transfers to the next input in the sequence, until every input is filled in.
A few things to note:

> 1. You can't enter anything other than a digit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can’t enter anything other than a digit.
```

2. You can only enter one character per input.

> 3. To overwrite the value of an input, you don't need to select the text in the input. If you type a digit while the input is focused, the input will update. This is an optimization for quickly editing the inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To overwrite the value of an input, you don’t need to select the text in the input. If you type a digit while the input is focused, the input will update. This is an optimization for quickly editing the inputs.
```

4. Pressing `Delete` when there is nothing in the input will transfer focus to the previous input (if any). This avoids the need to explicitly Shift+Tab.

<Example title="Changing the code length" path="examples/pin-code/length.js">
  <PinCodeLength />
</Example>

The code defaults to a length of 4, but you can change that.
`PinCode` expects an array of strings for the `values` prop.
The number of inputs rendered will match the length of the array.

<Example title="Passing id and name" path="examples/pin-code/id-and-name.js">
  <PinCodeIdAndName />
</Example>

> In a simliar fashion you can pass individual `id` and `name` props to each input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a similar fashion you can pass individual `id` and `name` props to each input.
```

Just provide an array of strings to `ids` or `names` and each string will be passed through to the respective input.

These are the only props that will target individual inputs.

> Every other prop that `PinCode` accepts is "shared" between the inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every other prop that `PinCode` accepts is “shared” between the inputs.
```

> Hopefully you don't have many reasons to target the inputs individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hopefully you don’t have many reasons to target the inputs individually.
```

<Example title="Various states" path="examples/pin-code/states.js">
  <PinCodeStates />
</Example>

`PinCode` accepts most of the same boolean props as our other inputs: `required`, `disabled`, `error`, `positive`, etc.

<Example title="Various sizes" path="examples/pin-code/sizes.js">
  <PinCodeSizes />
</Example>

You can control the size of the inputs with the `size` prop.

<Example
  title="Changing the placeholder"
  path="examples/pin-code/placeholder.js"
>
  <PinCodePlaceholder />
</Example>

> If you don't like the default placeholder (`○`), you can change that too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don’t like the default placeholder (`○`), you can change that too.
```

Notice how each placeholder disappears when any of the inputs have focus.

<Example title="Disable auto-focusing" path="examples/pin-code/no-tab.js">
  <PinCodeNoTab />
</Example>

You can control the automatic focusing logic built into `PinCode` using the `tabOnChange` prop.

> It defaults to `true`, which makes it so that when an input recieves a digit, focus is automatically changed to the next input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It defaults to `true`, which makes it so that when an input receives a digit, focus is automatically changed to the next input.
```

> Set it to `false` if, for some reason, you don't want this behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set it to `false` if, for some reason, you don’t want this behavior.
```
